your house looks fine
your house looks fine
your house looks fine
your house looks fine
your house looks nice
your house looks nice
your house looks nice
your house looks lovely
your house looks lovely
your house looks lovely
your house looks good
your house looks good
your house looks shitty
your house looks shitty
her house looks ugly
her house looks ugly
her house looks good
her house looks good
her house looks nice
her house looks nice
her house looks lovely
her house looks lovely
one two three four
one two three four
one two three four
one two three four
one two three four
singleton
hapax legomenon
xyz zyx abc
five six seven eight
nine ten eleven twelve
